- Previously, on Game of Silence...
- We have a witness outside
‭Darryl's home the night
he was killed...
care to revise that story?
They went after my number two.
This guy knows enough
to come after Darryl,
then you might be next.
I say we take them all down,
and we do it in a way
that no one can deny.
RAY (over phone): You really
don't want to kick this rock.
- I know what you did.
- JESSIE: Nobody knows what happened.
It's a shame your memory's so spotty,
especially when it comes
to the warden's little parties.
- What'd you do, Gil?
- I shot Bobby.
We said we're gonna do this right!
We ain't stupid!
We got rid of the body.
JACKSON: You screwed us.
We still have a confession on camera!
I'm out.
Afternoon, ma'am.
The nursery guy left that
- for you.
- The nursery guy?
JESSIE: I mean, I always assumed
it was horrible at Quitman,
just nothing as horrible
as what I heard on that tape.
- Why didn't you tell me?
- GIL: I want to tell you.
♪ I remember your smile ♪
(panting)
♪ The smell of your skin ♪
♪ The way that you walked ♪
♪ And laughed ♪
(laughs)
Ah... ‭Nice.
♪ I remember our room ♪
♪ And coming home to you... ♪
You okay?
Me? I'm never better.
No, that's not true.
Three times ago when you...
we had your hips
kind of up over, on my ear,
that was good.
I'm serious.
You know, I just,
I mean about... everything.
Yeah, I'm good. Yeah.
- Okay.
- You're amazing,
you know that?
I mean, the last few days, just...
you know, talking.
I never told anyone
some of that Quitman stuff.
♪ Hold on to the last... ♪
Thank you.
(whispers): Of course.
But you could, you know,
just, if you ever needed
to talk to someone,
like, I don't know, a therapist
or something, just...
A therapist?
- Yeah. ‭
- I'm okay.
(groans) Really.
(sighs)
All good. (groans)
I told Shawn I'd meet him at the café,
get some coffee, get back to work.
Where's the job today?
There's no job.
Just trying to figure out our next move.
Well, what do you mean, your next move?
I thought that...
We ain't done, baby.
There's people need to pay still.
Just 'cause Jackson
ran off doesn't mean...
the plan goes to hell.
I'm not worried about Jackson.
I'm worried about you.
The Bobby Marks thing,
what happened there,
I'm not gonna do that again.
But I have zero regrets.
(chuckles)
(muttering)
Bye.
That looks great, but you might need
to bring this stake in
just a foot. Thank you.
Uh, guys, the tables
all along the back here,
and the bar goes by the pool.
JACKSON: How we doing?
Running those cords down?
Thank you.
Hey, what's going on?
Hey.
I got a deal, uh,
on a security system upgrade.
Motion-detecting cameras, panic button.
I figured, why not?
This had to happen today?
Did you not notice the engagement party
sprouting in our backyard?
I know, I know. (chuckles)
Sorry, but this'll only take a moment.
Something going on?
No, look,
I-I didn't want you to worry, okay? I...
Uh, I had notice of a,
of a convict's release.
Some guy I put away when
I was with the DA's office.
- Who?
- It doesn't matter.
This happens all the time.
I'm, baby, I'm just being careful, okay?
I think we should know who's around.
All these workers.
Like last week when you invited
that random landscaping guy
to the house.
The one that you invited over?
I-I-I'm just being careful, baby, okay?
What...
What is that?
Centerpieces.
It's Mom. She has a thing.
I'll see you at the office.
Okay.
WINTERS: He's already here?
You said we needed to talk to
him, so I called him to come in.
From now on, you let me handle that.
Terry Bausch isn't
some dime-bag corner boy.
He has to be handled a certain way.
Sorry, didn't realize
we offer VIP treatment.
WINTERS: Ramon Baez,
shot-caller for the
PB-7 gang, gunned down
last month in Greenspoint.
Street puts it on your crew.
We spoke on this already.
I mean, Baez wasn't exactly
my favorite person,
but I don't know who took him out,
and I know you're not accusing me of it.
WINTERS: Here's what's new.
Ballistics did a bullet comparison
that says the firearm
that killed Ramon Baez
also killed your boy, Darryl Williams.
Shooter took out your enemy,
then he took out your friend.
So you tell us who killed Ramon Baez,
and they go down
for Darryl's murder, too.
What about, uh, the friends
of the white boy
who whooped up on Darryl
in the first place?
Seems like that'd be
an intelligent place
to look first, no?
They've been cleared.
Their alibis checked out.
We found 90 grand cash
at Darryl's place.
The killer didn't take it.
The hit wasn't about money.
It wasn't a gang move.
It was personal.
You know, the possibilities
are endless, Detective,
but my time ain't.
Have a nice day.
(door opens)
What now?
Circle back on Darryl's girlfriend.
See what stage of grief she's in.
I don't think
she's telling us everything.
My wife, Cece, and I have been
blessed with loving children
and grandchildren.
- (phone buzzing)
- And as your lieutenant governor,
I have pushed to keep
traditional family values
at the heart of...
(sighs)
I'm sorry, can-can we...
cut, take five?
I'm sorry.
DIRECTOR: Cutting.
Let's take five, guys.
On this Bobby Marks matter.
Did you find him?
No, quite the opposite.
We put a trap on his credit cards,
on his bank account.
We put an APB on his vehicle.
All came up nothing.
This guy's gone silent.
Yeah, right after he reminds me
how much he loves to talk.
He's either running scared from me
or his visitors returned
and helped him disappear.
Now, who are these visitors, exactly?
Don't worry about it.
I'll handle them.
Hey, there's my guy!
Oh!
Let's go out here and see
if we can make this work, huh?
SHAWN: I'm saying
we lay low for a minute.
Given what happened with Bobby,
we don't need that kind of heat
- on us right now.
- The longer we take
to track these bastards down,
the harder it's gonna be.
Man, they're gonna scatter, Shawn.
I want them just as much as you do.
All right?
They got pictures of me.
♪ ♪
Bobby said they'd
take pictures at the warden's parties.
What if he's still got them?
Man, G.
I didn't know that.
You know, Red can give us
a better confession
than Bobby could, anyway.
The warden's wingman.
He saw everything that happened.
Yeah, but Amy said he disappeared.
So we find him.
Where to start?
I mean, I'm figuring Red
wasn't his real first name.
Gerald.
Gerald?
I heard the warden call him that.
Here you go.
I want in.
If you guys are moving forward
with this plan
and putting yourselves at risk,
- then I want to help.
- No, that's not happening.
- Why not?
- Because it's not your fight, baby.
I don't want you involved.
Well, I've always been involved.
The only reason you guys got
sent away in the first place
was because of me,
so let me pay that back.
- Stop-stop it! It's not happening.
- ‭Why not?
Forget it! It's not happening.
I don't want to have
this conversation right now.
(sighs)
Come here. I-I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
G, look.
Gerald "Red" Tyson.
JESSIE: Jackson!
Stop!
That's who you're looking for?
Yeah. That's the other guard
at Quitman I told you about.
SHAWN: Says he walked off
shift at Quitman back in '98.
Nobody's seen him since.
Amy was right.
Evil he did at that place,
maybe he went underground.
Got scared his past
would come back to haunt him.
I think today's that day.
Synced & corrected by -robtor-
www.addic7ed.com
Jessie?
Hey. ‭What are you, uh,
what are you doing here?
I tried calling you all morning.
So, I'm sorry, I had no choice.
What-What's wrong?
Gil and Shawn aren't stopping.
You need to talk to them.
No, I told, I told them I'm out.
I've already got a target on my back.
What do you mean you have
a target on your back?
Just tell them to drop it.
Go on with your lives without the plan,
without me.
They're going after Red Tyson.
Hey.
Okay, they already
started looking for him.
What if they stir up something
about what we did to him?
They won't, they won't.
You don't have to worry about that,
but you tell Gil and Shawn
if they want to stay safe,
they need to forget about revenge.
I already have.
(elevator bell dings)
I'm sorry, Jessie,
you can't, you can't be here.
That's fine.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
RADIO ANNOUNCER: Tomorrow we're
looking at mostly cloudy skies
and gradual...
(lock buzzes)
I've been told that there is
a young lady here
named Jessie who rode her bike
all the way from Brennan
to see some friends.
Yes, sir.
Do your parents know you're here?
Well, you are one resourceful
little girl.
Those Brennan boys are lucky
to have a friend like you.
Thanks.
Let me tell you something.
Having a visitor might be, uh,
rough on your friends.
You know, boys have a sort of funny
sense of pride,
and then being seen in a place like this
can make them a little, uh,
a little ashamed.
And sometimes getting a glimpse of home,
especially a pretty one like you,
well, that makes their time here
that much worse.
Now, I'm happy to escort you
to see them,
if you want.
No?
All right, well, that's okay, too.
I'll make sure to tell them
you stopped by.
Payment that needs to go to the cartel.
Take it to airport lot B.
Flight attendant's gonna meet you there
and get it to Juarez.
It's all you today, Marco.
Done.
What the hell, T?
Well, with Darryl no longer with us,
somebody's got to step up
and take his spot.
Yeah, that was supposed to be me,
not Marco.
I've been hustling for you
since the Quitman days.
I've done everything
that you have asked me to do.
A few weeks back,
when I needed Ramon Baez put down...
Yeah, I was the one that blasted him,
like I said I would.
I didn't think twice about it.
I hear you.
You wanted Darryl's spot.
You put in your time.
You'll get what's coming to you.
Did you find the guy or not, man?
G, my homie's doing us a favor.
I'm trying to.
Tyson's gone 18 years
without a blip on credit,
DMV, no tax records.
He's got no surviving family,
so all of my skip-tracing tricks,
they turned up nada.
No, no, no, no, that's not good enough.
I know you can find something.
That's what you do, right?
Find something on him for me.
How much is he worth to you?
Five Gs, I can come up
- with a few more trees to bark up.
- ‭What?
- 5,000?
- ‭No, no, no.
We ain't got that kind of guap.
What's your interest in this man?
(knocking)
(door opens)
- Jackson.
- ‭Hey, Aaron.
I'd like you to meet someone.
A congressional candidate
making the rounds.
Of course, yeah.
(chuckles) ‭Hello, Jackson.
Ray Carroll.
Got a couple of minutes
for a humble politician
to plead his case?
(laughter)
It is refreshing to see one of my wards
find such success in this world.
There's a few from your time
there that made good.
Did you know that Dennis Lowen
works at a church now?
So you're still catching up with Dennis.
That's nice.
And his brother, Terry, too, I bet.
I just met this lovely
young woman out there,
didn't I?
What are you doing here?
Well, I understand that, uh, you
and a couple of Quitman friends
paid a visit to Bobby Marks
a few days ago.
You know, you get Bobby talking
on something,
there's no telling
the fishtails he'll spin.
I bet he told you some whoppers.
But the thing is,
I'd like to speak to Bobby myself,
but I can find him,
so I thought maybe you'd be able
to help me on that.
Well, I don't know
where Bobby is.
I bet that's not entirely true.
Tell you the truth,
I don't really care,
'cause he told us everything
we needed to know about Quitman and you.
And we got that on tape.
You know you're not like them.
You were always the smart one
of those Brennan kids.
You knew that you could build
a life like this
if you didn't let them drag you down.
So be smart, Jackson.
I told you not to kick this rock.
I'm not that kid you used to
push around in Quitman anymore.
You don't scare me.
Oh, but I think I do, Jackie.
You know, Bobby, he was very detailed.
All that abuse,
everything you made him
and Red do to the inmates,
and those sick parties
you used to throw.
Just you wait.
Your time's coming.
So you got a drunk
telling stories on a tape.
(chuckles) That's just the beginning.
Well, let me tell you what I got.
Hard evidence of you
murdering Red Tyson in cold blood
on the night he disappeared.
You're lying.
Is that really a risk you want to take?
18 years doesn't change
a thing about it,
except what you lose when it comes out.
Get out of my office right now.
Take another step,
and this life you built
gets torched.
Nice catching up with you.
♪ ♪
If Red Tyson is alive,
he's probably holed up
in some Unabomber shack.
I hope he's dying a slow death,
haunted by the memories of what he did.
I don't want him haunted by memories,
I want him haunted by me.
Look, I know you're thinking
if Jackson were here,
he'd know how to find Red.
Forget Jackson. We don't need
Jackson to find this guy.
- (phone dings)
- We can do this on our own, Shawn.
Oh! ‭What?
Annie had her baby.
A boy.
I'm gonna get down there.
What? Right now?
You know, she doesn't have
any family around,
so she needs help getting home
from the hospital.
Did she text you?
Yeah, I told her I'd help her
out with, you know, baby stuff.
That'll get you home, all right?
Shawn?
Yeah?
- Little Boots.
- To little Boots!
♪ ♪
POSIE: Marina's Aunt Barb has
some antique Tiffany stemware
that could be perfect
for the wedding table.
Honey, I think Jackson's
got bigger things
to think about than stemware.
Only life-or-death decisions
about invitation fonts.
But I am gonna take you up on the offer.
I love it. Thank you, Posie, thank you.
Thank you so much for coming.
Thank you. Good to see you.
- Hey.
- ‭So, uh,
who's got you spooked?
Excuse me?
Marina mentioned you were warned
about a convict's release.
Oh, that's nothing.
It's all, uh, taken care of.
Well, you know, if I can help,
I got your back. You know that.
Appreciate it.
Thank you.
- All right, enjoy.
- ‭Congratulations.
Thank you.
♪ Yes ♪
♪ Jesus loves me ♪
♪ Jesus loves me... ♪
You were right about Darryl's murder.
It wasn't them white boys from Quitman.
Halleluiah.
It was Eddie.
Eddie? Why?
Yeah, he wanted Darryl's spot.
So you don't know for sure it was him.
He all but told me himself.
Now I have to put him down.
Listen, if you're here telling me this,
that means you're hoping
that there's other ways.
Eddie's been one of your friends
for 30 years.
Family, practically.
Yeah, so was Darryl,
and that didn't stop Eddie
from putting three holes in his chest.
If you start
killing those closest to you,
how's that gonna end?
Who's gonna be left to protect you?
You don't want to do it like this.
It ain't about what I want.
This is about me doing
what I have to do.
♪ For the Bible ♪
(sighs)
♪ Tells me so... ♪
...called, and then we
had a date and bam.
BOTH: Here we are.
And you need another drink.
It was great to see you.
Thank you, baby.
I'll see you in a moment.
(sighs)
Sorry, excuse me.
Hi, how are you?
Good to see you.
Hi, two more champagnes, please.
Oh. (chuckles)
Hey.
- Hi.
- ‭What's...
Hi! Hey.
So, you a friend of Jackson's?
No, I'm his fiancée.
Fiancée?
Oh, right! Right!
- I'm sorry, I don't think we've met.
- All kinds of right.
What was your name?
I'm thirsty.
Excuse me?
(Gil muttering)
He's taller than you are.
- Hey. How are you?
- Hey.
- Jackie, nice tent, man!
- ‭Thank you.
I must have missed
my invitation. I don't know.
Look at all these friends you have.
How many girls are named Buffy?
(chuckles) Okay.
You can't be here, bro.
No, no, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay.
I just, I only came by for a second.
I just want to tell you
something really quickly.
Just gonna take a second.
I just, I want to let you know that...
We-we don't, we don't need you.
Thank you.
I'm gonna walk you out.
(muttering) Okay, come here, come on.
Just talk, let's talk outside.
I ain't talking.
You're drunk, I'm gonna walk you out.
Get your hands off me!
What's the matter with you?
Okay, okay.
Let's just talk outside.
Let me, let me, hang on a second.
You afraid I might tell these people
something you don't want them to know?
Don't do this.
- Hey, everybody, listen up!
- Don't do it.
My name's Gil.
The reason you don't know me,
though, is because Jackie here...
Here.
Sorry.
You ruined the finish.
Jessie's on her way.
All right.
We gave it our best shot, Jackie.
Didn't work out.
Gil, you don't have to talk about it.
No, listen.
It's cool, man.
You have your life, I have mine.
It's crazy to think we could...
pick up after 25 years
right where we left off.
We don't have to pretend like
we're still brothers anymore.
It's okay. I'm cool with it, I am.
Hey. ‭Hey.
I'll wait for you in the car. ‭Yeah.
If he broke anything, just let
me know what it costs, and...
Oh, Jessie, come on. Please.
No, enjoy your party.
In case he forgot to mention,
Annie had her baby.
What did she have, boy or girl?
Boy.
Boy. ‭Gary Jr.
(laughs)
Boots has a son.
That's... that's awesome.
Yeah. (chuckles)
Big healthy boy.
Eyes like her dad, she said, so...
We're gonna head up tomorrow
and visit them.
Just want to let you know,
in case you want to,
you know, mail a card or whatever.
Take care.
(door closes)
Are you coming back to the party?
Yeah.
I already made coffee.
Thank you.
I want you to tell me everything.
What exactly do you want me...
All of it.
You have been distracted all week,
here and at the office.
You disappear for hours.
You missed the drinks
with my parents, and I saw you
arguing with your friend Jessie.
You were there?
And then this
stranger crashes our party,
you punch him,
and Jessie's the one who picks him up.
And I know that you're saying
there's nothing to worry about,
that you're handling it,
but I don't want to be handled.
I want you to tell me
what's happening to our life.
They were my friends.
Remember that client I had,
Gary Nolan?
We were friends as kids down in Brennan,
and I hadn't...
hadn't seen him for years.
He was killed in jail.
I went to his funeral, and, uh...
...there were a few other
friends from my childhood there.
Boots'...
Gary's death... it just, it just sh...
shook everyone up a little.
So I've been spending
some time with them,
just...
just to help them
get through it, you know?
We've been out of touch for so long.
We were all best friends.
Jessie, Gil from last night,
and, uh...
there's another one, Shawn.
Why wouldn't you tell me any of this?
I could've helped you through it.
'Cause I didn't know
what was going on, baby.
I didn't know if they were
gonna be in our lives.
I didn't know if I was
just helping them out
in a tough time, you know? And...
Turns out, that's exactly what happened.
I tried, and it didn't work,
so it's over.
And that's everything?
That's everything.
They were your best friends.
They were.
(sighs)
(whispering): I'm sorry.
SHAWN: Annie, got the
bouncer chair set up
and enough diapers to last little Boots
till senior prom.
(baby fussing)
This isn't how it was supposed to be.
Yeah, I know.
I'm alone.
Hey. ‭(sighs)
Your folks will be here tonight.
And your neighbor
who drove you to the hospital.
- Lorna?
- ‭Right, Lorna.
Next door. I mean, she seemed nice.
Old as hell, but hey.
(laughing)
Like, really old, but that's okay.
You can hang out with old people.
She has diapers,
he has diapers... it's fun.
(sniffles)
Sorry I'm the only one here.
That's not what I meant.
Annie, I'm gonna do everything I can
to make this right as can be.
- (knocking)
- Thank you.
I'll get it.
(sighs)
Hey, I'm glad y'all came.
JESSIE: Yeah. Is she doing good?
- Yeah, yeah. She'll be happy to see you.
- ‭Okay.
Hi. (chuckles)
That one's for the baby, that's for me.
I got plenty of nipples for that bottle.
Hi.
(sighs): Oh.
Oh, my God, let me see him.
I know. Let me see this guy.
(laughs) ‭Okay.
Oh, my God.
Annie, he's gorgeous.
Come on, look at this little face.
Hi. Hi, buddy.
ANNIE: I know.
(laughter)
WINTERS: Hey, Mariah.
You holding up okay?
They give your boyfriend a nice service?
Darryl's family's cheap.
Well, there's nothing cheap
about that piece around your neck.
Wow, it's beautiful.
Did Darryl buy that for you?
We know he had some serious cash
when he died.
He didn't spend it on me.
So who did?
Spend on you?
Why's Five-O care about my love life?
'Cause it's looking like
Darryl was killed
by someone in his own gang.
And there's one thing that comes to mind
that would make a man
go after his friend like that.
A woman like you.
So is your new man
someone from Darryl's gang?
Who is he?
Darryl was never gonna let me go.
I-I didn't want him killed.
I didn't ask for that.
Tell me who the other guy is,
and I'll keep you out of it.
I love him.
It's just as easy
for me to take your phone
and get the name from there.
Then I have to keep the phone.
Evidence.
His name's Marco.
Jackson knocked you out
in front of all those people
at the party?
- Knocked me out.
- ‭What?! (laughs)
It might as well have been
Tyson-Douglas.
Man, I'm crawling around the canvas,
looking for my mouthpiece.
Yo, that's epic, man.
- Yeah, something.
- (sighs)
All right, here it is.
Boots' homemade movies
from back in the day.
You know, um...
Hey, you sure this
is the best idea right now?
Yeah. Baby Boots needs to see his daddy.
- (knocking)
- ‭Come in.
Jackie, you made it.
Yeah, well, we decided why not.
Hi. I'm Marina.
Jackson's told me all about you guys.
You must be Annie.
- Yeah.
- ‭Congratulations...
- Yeah, thank you.
- ...on your baby boy.
Jessie, it's good to see you again.
Yeah, you, too. Hi.
And just to clear the air,
Jackson did inform me of
- your seventh-grade courtship.
- Ah. (chuckles)
I have been warned
how charming you can be.
- Oh, it's legendary.
- ‭Mm.
But I'm gonna keep it under control.
MARINA: Gil, I didn't realize
I was meeting ‭the Gil Harris yesterday.
Jackson told me
what an amazing friend you always were.
I'm really sorry I ruined
your party last night.
Uh, we don't usually assault
our guests. (chuckles)
At least not physically.
Want to hold him?
JACKSON (chuckles):
Yeah. That'd be great.
Oh, look at you.
You got it. You can do it.
Look at you, you drowsy little guy.
Good, good.
(both laugh)
Baby, look at this.
This is little Boots.
MARINA: So sweet.
- Little Boots.
- ‭So sweet.
(crickets chirping)
You have something
you want to talk about, T?
Yeah.
Eddie.
We got a problem.
We do?
Now, you go back a long
minute with someone,
you think you know them.
Kind of dirt they do, what they won't.
And you trust that.
(chuckles) Make money off that.
Problem occurs when...
they surprise you.
Everything you trusted
turns out to be a lie.
This is about the Ramon Baez hit.
All right, T.
I'm sorry.
You're sorry?
For lying to you.
For telling you that I was
the one that blasted Baez.
You didn't do that hit?
Nah, man.
That was all Marco.
I mean, I would've done it,
but, man, he beat me to it.
I-I only said that because
I-I didn't want him to come up over me.
(laughs)
Look, good meat takes time to cook.
Yeah, right. ‭That's the way it is.
Jackie, I got a cold one for you.
Grouchy. Thanks, brother.
(laughs)
I think my fiancée's gonna
give up her law career
to be that kid's nanny.
Man, you got a good one, Jackson.
Yeah, I know.
It's better than I deserve.
You need to forget about Red Tyson.
You won't find him.
Listen, I know
you made it clear you don't want to...
You won't find him because I killed him.
What?
18 years ago.
SHAWN: What? Wait, wait.
What-what are you talking about?
I went back to Quitman one night, alone.
I wanted to...
see the place.
Red was there.
I shot him and I buried him.
You won't find him.
Jackie, wait.
Jackie, wait, wait, wait.
Hang on a second.
How come you never said anything
about this to us?
How come?
'Cause I was running from it.
I can't.
The warden knows what I did.
And he made that very clear
when he came to my office
- yesterday.
- ‭Whoa, whoa.
What do you mean,
he came to your office?
JACKSON: He threatened me.
Said we wake any more ghosts
from Quitman,
it all comes out.
So that's it.
We're out. We're done.
We ain't letting you go down for murder.
Nothing's worth any of us
gettin' locked up again.
GIL: You telling me
you've been hauling this
secret around for 18 years?
Never said anything to anybody?
That's right.
You don't believe me, Gil?
No, I do.
Shawn's right, it's over.
Why did you do that?
Why did you lie about
what really happened to Red?
To protect you.
No one else knows
what happened that night.
I'm gonna keep it that way.
- Here.
- ‭Thank you.
The guilt I've felt
over you guys going
to Quitman because of me...
I owe it to you to help.
Jessie...
you don't owe me anything.
You saved my life.
I don't want to see you get hurt.
JACKSON: We gotta get rid of the body.
JESSIE: Okay.
Jackson. Jackson!
JACKSON: We gotta get rid of the body!
JESSIE: Jackson...
Okay.
(panting)
Where's the body?
- Where's the body?
- I can't see, I don't know.
Jackson!
(grunting)
(gunshot)
- Let's bowl!
- ‭(laughter) ‭This were we used to go.
- ‭Ladies and gentlemen...
- Oh, wait,  wait, wait.
- There's your daddy.
- There he is.
...you're about to see
the great Gary "Boots" Nolan
of Brennan, Texas, demonstrate
his world-famous bowling skills.
Who couldn't love him?
(indistinct chatter)
(laughter, pins falling)
SHAWN: Baby Boots!
L-Listen, we need to get
baby Boots some baby boots.
ANNIE: Look at those boots.
SHAWN: Uh-oh. Wait,
wait, wait, wait, wait.
Check it out.
Nobody's ever gonna forget your daddy.
I promise.
Hang on. What?
Hang on, hang on, hang on.
No, no, no, no, no...
Wait, wait,
wait, wait.
Watch this. No, no, no...
The band!
(laughter)
- MARINA: You had a band?
- (phone ringing)
- You had a band?
- ‭Yo.
Yeah, we had a band. Yes, we had a band.
What?
Are you playing a microwave?
Whoa, I'm dominating.
SHAWN: Right now, go play
the microwave right now.
- Let him know you still got it.
‭- I still got it!
(laughter)
(indistinct chatter)
- Annie, honey, what's wrong?
- Oh, my God, Shawn.
- Annie, Annie, what's wrong?
- Guys... Shawn!
Guys! Guys!
Uh, um...
that was the sheriff's department.
A man in jail confessed
to stabbing Boots.
SHAWN: What? Who?
(crying): Um... some, some man
who was going away
to serve a life sentence.
And he said that Boots
started a fight with him,
and so he killed him.
- (Annie sobbing)
- JESSIE: Are you okay?
Okay, okay, okay. Come here, come here.
- Come here.
- GIL: Shawn. Shawn.
I've got you.
Shawn...
He should've never been locked
in the same cell with a lifer.
He would still be alive!
He could hold his son!
Annie wouldn't have to go
through all this madness.
Come on, man.
It's... it's just...
it's just... it ain't right.
GIL: There's no way Boots would
go after some random convict.
That can't be what happened.
We all know how it works
in places like that.
All-all they want to do
is close the case.
That's it.
So they find
some dude who's doing life already,
he catches the rap...
The whole thing
is rotten.
Right? Tell me I'm wrong.
So let's make it right.
How?
Those kids in that video back there...
we were fearless.
Brothers, right?
What are you saying?
I'm saying the plan's back on.
I say we take the warden down,
every son of a bitch
that hurt us, that hurt Boots.
We don't stop till it's done.
SHAWN: The warden...
What he knows about you and Red.
We got plenty of ammo, Shawn,
and all the things
he did to us at Quitman?
I'll tell you this:
Terry Bausch...
he delivered a threat to my house.
He's still working
as the warden's attack dog.
Wait a minute.
The warden's hooked up with a...
- with a d boy?
- ‭That's right.
Yeah, his crimes are not
all in the past.
So he's just as vulnerable as us.
If we attack the right way,
we've got him.
We gotta be smart, Gil,
we gotta be smart.
He's gonna be watching.
We're gonna make every
single one of them pay, then.
Damn right.
All in.
All right.
Marco Ladera?
HPD. We need to talk.
MARCO: Please, T,
do not do this, man, please...
We're friends, man. We're friends, okay?
It's not even my gun, okay?
Eddie-Eddie-Eddie-Eddie-Eddie...
Oh, God, please.
(sobbing)
Please, T, you do not want to do this.
Come on, man, I don't even know
where that gun came from.
Honest to God,
I don't know where it came from.
Eddie...
Eddie... Eddie, uh...
- Oh, please, please...
- Drop it, Terry!
Oh, God!
Oh, God.
Oh, God, thank you.
Now.
- Drop that gun.
- Oh, thank God.
Thank God. Thank God.
Oh, God...
(Marco sobbing)
(panting)
Oh, thank God.
(gunshot)
Dammit, Terry.
Why?
Helpful tip you gave me.
About the same gun being used
against Ramon Baez and my boy Darryl?
Marco, here, still had the same pistol
he used when I found him.
(chuckles)
You know he killed Darryl
over a piece of tail?
You didn't have to do this.
That 90 grand that you said
you found at Darryl's place...
Yeah.
Was supposed to be 100.
Marco wouldn't cop to it,
but I'm led to believe
he pinched ten from the pile.
Might've blown it on the girl;
I heard she's flaunting
a few grand around her neck.
This wasn't our deal.
I can give you intel,
look the other way,
but I can't watch you kill.
That's where you draw the line, huh?
I'm just saying, for both our sakes,
we just need to make sure...
There is no line.
As long as you want your brother
protected in prison,
you will do whatever I ask.
And right now...
(gasping)
...you're getting rid of this.
Pop a few more in him if it helps you.
Helps me?
Yeah.
Sell it to your unit as a gang hit.
(indistinct chatter, telephones ringing)
It's crucial, Jimmy, crucial.
Ray will be very appreciative.
Thank you, my friend. Thank you.
Ray! Carson's in.
Way to go.
Excuse me, ma'am.
Can I help you?
Hi.
Jessie West.
I'd like to volunteer
for Mr. Carroll's campaign.
Synced & corrected by -robtor-
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org